<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> MeetingMinutes2010Apr21 &lt; Storage &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Storage/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Apr21?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit MeetingMinutes2010Apr21" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Storage/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes2010Apr21"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#0000FF;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>
</head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h1><a name="Storage_Meeting_Minutes_2010_Apr"></a> Storage Meeting Minutes 2010 Apr 21 </h1>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<!-- List all of the members of the group who attended. Guests are listed under GUESTS.  --> <ul>
<li> Brian Bockelman
</li> <li> Ted Hesselroth
</li> <li> Neha Sharma
</li> <li> Alex Sim
</li> <li> Doug Strain
</li> <li> Tanya Levshina
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Status_report"></a> Status report </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Abhishek:
<pre class="screen">
VDT Hadoop testbed at UCSD has now been configured to use Hadoop ITB
repository [1].
Pre-release evaluation along with scalability benchmarking of the new
bugfixes [2] are ongoing.
We are investigating correlation between client concurrency, system
load, and Java heap in the latest BeStMan codebase.

[0] http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/components/hadoop.html
[1]
https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/ReleaseDocumentation/HadoopInstall#3_2_Choosing_Stable_or_ITB_Repos
[2] http://vdt.cs.wisc.edu/hadoop/release-notes.html
</pre>
<p />
Alex:
<pre class="screen">
* Support
  - document review for bestman gateway
  - document review for bestman full mode
  - static space token support in bestman full mode at NERSC
  - srmcp error support to NERSC bestman
  - bestman configuration support on scalability test at UCSD hadoop system

* Release
  - updated package for bestman and lbnl srm clients will be available
soon with all bug fixes and feature additions so far.
</pre>
<p />
Andrew:
<pre class="screen">
no report
</pre>
<p />
Doug:
<pre class="screen">
RSV Probes Update:
- 10 out of 15 srmtester tests coded into RSV metrics
- 5 still remaining plus testing and some code clean-up.
- May need to re-install Bestman (in full-mode not Gateway) to help test
</pre>
<p />
Neha:
<pre class="screen">
o validation testsuite
o upgraded gridworks to 1.9.5-17
o working on pnfs-> chimera migration on gridworks
o tickets
</pre>
<p />
Ted:
<pre class="screen">
Finished Storage for the Application Developer document. Made
modifications to Storage for the End User document based on review
comments. Began modifications of Storage for the Site Administrator
document. Did ad hoc review of Brian Bockelman's introduction to Storage
for a first-time user.

Resolved issue with pnfs -> Chimera migration check through dCache
support. Upgraded dCache on my test setup and retested. Worked with Neha
Sharma to install Chimera and migrate files from pnfs.
</pre>
<p />
Tanya:
<pre class="screen">
Meetings:
       with Alain, Alan De Smet
       with Micheal Ernst
       with Ruth and Alex
       doc team telecon

Technical work:
      xrootd discussions related to changing in configuration options, send the request to VDT
      Storage documentation review
      Release documentation modification (BeStMan-gateway/Xrootd)
      Continued discussion on work necessary for NEES incremental backup, plan should be ready next week
      Continued to try to test fts-client transfer, so far unsuccessfully due to FTS and dcache configuration problems  for dteam 
      Started to read docs, talk to various people trying understand analysis jobs issues related to storage 
      Working on agenda for OSG Storage Forum
       
Misc:
      travel preparation for WLCG jamboree
      Started working on organizing OSG Storage Forum        
</pre>
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="First_Agenda_Item"></a> First Agenda Item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Documentation progress
<h3><a name="Discussion"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted has continued working on documentation. The top two levels of  documentation are done and some of them have been reviewed. He will start to do major clean up of obsolete pages. Neha will help with organizing all pages related to srm clients. Tanya is continuing to work on Release Documentation. The main remaining work is to modify vdt-dcache documentation to be compliant with doc team release documentation template. Discussed Brian's doc SrmBasics, made several proposal how we may improve it.  
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Second_agenda_item"></a> Second agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache and chimera status
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN1"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Ted was able to install chimera and do pnfs to chimera migration. He has identified some of the issues with documentation and notified dcache team. Neha and Ted have install new version with dcache 1.9.5-17 on gridwork cluster and did the migration. We have started to run automated tests suite. The plan for vdt-dcache release is the following: <ol>
<li> Modify vdt-dcache configuration scripts to enable chimera  (Neha)
</li> <li> Test new version for upgrade and new installation (Tanya and Neha)
</li> <li> Verify that the corrections for migration procedure have been included in documentation (Ted).
</li> <li> Update twiki page and other documentation (Tanya/Neha)
</li> <li> Notify all OSG dcache sites that they should migrate to chimera ASAP because pnfs is not longer supported by dcache,org. Several OSG sites have been already successfully migrated to chimera. (Tanya) 
</li></ol> 
<p />
The realistic estimation that it should be ready in a month for ITB testing.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Third_agenda_item"></a> Third agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
dcache gratia transfer probe
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN2"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
We have discussed how to proceed with probe modification on gratia meeting. We have agreed that Brian and Andrew will work together on the probe for now. Andrew is ultimately responsible for the code. He will write the test plan and let Philippe to review it. We not only need to test functionality but also check the performance and load created by the probe on the big sites.
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fourth_agenda_item"></a> Fourth agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
data storage and management and analysis jobs
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN3"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Multiple issues are going to be discussed on various workshops during the summer related to this topic. We need acquire some understanding about analysis jobs and their storage usage patterns for major experiments.  Brian has graciously agreed to give us crash course during next meeting.
<p />
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Fifth_agenda_item"></a> Fifth  agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
RSV probes
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN4"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
Doug is working on RSV srm tester. He will go to Madison next week to meet with VDT team and understand better RSV packaging in VDT as well to learn about xrootd packaging. 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Six_agenda_item"></a> Six agenda item </span></h2>
<!-- DESCRIPTION -->
Tickets
<h3><a name="Discussion_AN5"></a> Discussion </h3>
<!-- describe the discussion that took place -->
++++++++++++++++++++++++
New tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Follow up in progress:
<p />
8465 - OSG Storage: dCache: Chimera: "level-2" metadata not available immediately
<p />
Closed:
<p />
8466 - OSG Storage: dCache: Defective Credential Detected Error
<p />
8467 - OSG Storage: srmcp failing against Bestman SE
<p />
++++++++++++++++++++++++
Old tickets
++++++++++++++++++++++++
<p />
Closed:
<p />
8260 - OSG Storage: dCache: Data collected by <span class="twikiNewLink">InfoProvider<a href="/bin/edit/Storage/InfoProvider?topicparent=Storage.MeetingMinutes2010Apr21" rel="nofollow" title="InfoProvider (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> is not accurate
<p />
No update:
<p />
8104 - OSG Storage: Resource Specific Issue on NYSGRID_CORNELL_NYS1
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Created_by"></a> Created by: </span></h2>
<!-- Paste your signature (below) here -->
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/TanyaLevshina" class="twikiLink">TanyaLevshina</a> - 22 Apr 2010</div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
</div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Storage<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Storage/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a> &gt; <a href="/bin/view/Storage/MeetingMinutes" class="twikiLink">MeetingMinutes</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>MeetingMinutes2010Apr21</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r3 - 29 Sep 2011 - 20:10:59 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/JamesWeichel" class="twikiLink">JamesWeichel</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />